Miscellaneous changes before updating to 1.21.3 (#209)
FabricMC/fabric-docs: players/troubleshooting/crash-reports.md

Using the example linked above, we can analyze the crash report and find the cause of the crash, including the mods that caused the crash.

> The stack trace in the `---- Minecraft Crash Report ----` section is the most important in this case, as it contains the main error that caused the crash. In this case, the error is:
> 
> ```text
> java.lang.RuntimeException: java.lang.ClassCastException: class net.minecraft.class_3924 cannot be cast to class snownee.snow.block.entity.SnowCoveredBlockEntity (net.minecraft.class_3924 and snownee.snow.block.entity.SnowCoveredBlockEntity are in unnamed module of loader net.fabricmc.loader.impl.launch.knot.KnotClassLoader @57d5872c)
> ```
> 

Reviewer: Please delete lines 75,76,77 (the `TODO` comment and the `<<<` embed) as well

```suggestion
The stack trace in the `---- Minecraft Crash Report ----` section is the most important in this case, as it contains the main error that caused the crash.

::: details Show error

<<< @/public/assets/players/crash-report-example.txt{7 log}

:::

```
